week 2 

Our group formed on Tuesday. My group members are Minzhen Ye, Wenjie Gao, Yanjie Hu, Yufei Zhang.
We created the Trello & Bitbucket accounts for the team(After class, we replaced Bitbucket by GitHub).
I skimmed through the tutorials and understood a little of the Ethereum Blockchain. 
In addition, we are going to consult tutor Huang and get some useful knowledge on Sunday.

week 3

I wrote the aim part of proposal with a ER diagram with Minzhen and i found a problem about permissions. 
I discussed it with scrum master and the final decision is to use buyers and sellers, because all trades 
happen directly between buyers and sellers with no middleman to take a cut from each sale.
Later i installed all prerequisites, set up the coding environment and also learned javascript and solidity. 
However, i think i need one more week to learn them.

week 4

Firstly, Yufei gave me some missions. Secondly, I learned MongoDB this week, because we need to store data in 
a centralised server. After we took a long time to study MongoDB, our scrum master decided to use python 
instead of java. Then, Yanjie and i design parts of login system(code some htmls and css). I also keep 
studying javascript and solidity. Finally, i didn't finish the missions, but i will finish it in two days.

week 5

We decided our website name and theme. Yufei taught me how to install MongoDb, then created table, upload and get data from MongoDb. We finished the HTML, css of login system, but still have some problems to improve. Moreover, I learned Django and know how to connect db with Django in python. Finally, I participated the part of security questions, reset password and home page, they are basically done. 

mid break

week 6 

Through the previous demo, our team focuses on the wrong direction. Under tutor Huang's guidance, we are back in the right direction. This week i found some tutorials of solidity  and learned a lot from Udemy course. I go through solidity tutorials and pet-shop-tutorials again.

week 7

This week my scrum master changed mongo database to firebase as our server. I completed the function of Search in the first few days and it is hard to code javascript as a beginner. Then I added a shopping cart icon into the homepage and finished the add and remove function of shopping cart. Moreover, I went through some truffle box examples, and finally understood how to store transactions.

week 8

This week i found some bugs at cart page, search page and fixed them. I learned how to transfer eth-coins between Metamask accounts, then i found it unnecessary to our project because my team designed to use our own coins. After that, we had a meeting that each member talked about their job schedule.

week 9

This week i got the data(user, product information) from BC(which coded by my scrum master), then i updated the function of cart and search. Moreover, I tested our websites for users and found many bugs that need to fixed. I think every member of our team has completed their work, we really work together. 
