Week 2:
Our team formed and introduce with each other. And then, we read the topics of the project and decided Topic 2 as our project.
Finally, I try to find some references about Blockchain and Database System such as paper and video to understand topic and
create the blueprints of the software.

Week 3:
I designed the outline of system in the proposal based on the traditional shopping website like ebay and taobao. And also adding blockchain to
control the cash flow for the users to provide the safe environment for trading.
Our team formed and introduce with each other. And then, we read the topics of the project and decided Topic 2 as our project. Finally, I try to find some references about Blockchain and Database System such as paper and video to understand topic and create the blueprints of the software.

Week 3:
I designed the outline of system in the proposal based on the traditional shopping website like ebay and taobao. And also adding blockchain to control the cash flow for the users to provide the safe environment for trading.
I learned how to use django and mongo database to store the data in the cloud.


Week4:
Based on the tutor's advice, I update the blueprint of the system. I began to write the forget password html file and the css file for the case
that the user want to reset their password. I learned how to collect security questions from the cloud database and grab the input data to compare
whether the information in the database and inputting data is the same or not. And then, I wanted to do some method to update the password in the
cloud.
Based on the tutor's advice, I update the blueprint of the system. I began to write the forget password html file and the css file for the case that the user want to reset their password. I learned how to collect security questions from the cloud database and grab the input data to compare whether the information in the database and inputting data is the same or not. And then, I wanted to do some method to update the password in the cloud.

Week 5:
Learn how to store the user's information in the MangoDB. I finish my forget password part and then I will learn how to use block chain in transaction in the next week.

Week 6:
I found a tutorial about how to use block chain in the pet shop. I am learning how to use block chain and send message between the buyer and user.

Week7:
This week my scrum master changed mongo database to firebase as our server and store the user information into the database. I help my teammates to finish the  function of Search and try to solve the problem it cannot use this function in other pages.

Week8:
I found a API named filestack for import image as url and then our website can store the image into the block chain. And I also begin to write add_ puppy function.Store the puppy information into block chain

Week9:

