Week 2

Croup formed. As a Scrum master, I created the GitHub and Trello team for the group and invited all group member to it. 
Together with Minzhen Ye, Wenjie Gao and Yanjie Hu, I found a pile of softwares and programming languages that we are going to use for the project. 
I created a GitHub Wiki to put Project Proposal Draft so that every group member can edit on it.
I give the format of User Stories and wrote 3 samples on both Trello and GitHub Wiki.
Lastly, I started to write the Epic section of proposal.


Week 3

We discussed what should we write in the proposal and I wrote the Title Page, Basic Schedules, System Structures, Prerequisites and Implementation, Project User Stories (3 Examples), Project Status Tracking and Project Schedule sections in the proposal.
I start to draw Storyboard with Minzhen Ye and posted some samples on Trello.
I installed all prerequisites  and set up the coding environment. 
I added bootstrap modules and added two sample html files for checking that module can be used successfully. 


Week 4

Together with all group members, we give each person some specific missions.
Together with Minzhen, we almost finished the UIs of login and choose a role page. Then rest part is to find a logo for our App.
I also registered an online cloud Mongodb database as our local database.
I searched a pile of references and watched a great number of videos; and finally started coding using python 3 and Django.
I posted the way to login to the online database and the video tutorial link of python3/Django/html/css on Trello.
Together with Minzhen, we finished the UIs of Sign_up page and added some check for the required inputs we need. Besides, we found our logo.

Week 5

As we have a pile of assignments to due, this week we did not complete so many missions.
With Minzhen, we find a suitable theme for our project.
With Minzhen, I write a different way (compare to Minzhen's) to upload image to cloud database and retrieve data from it.
Also, I can retrieve data from UIs and pass variables to UIs.
In addition, I connect the cloud db via python in models while I get a POST request.
Generally, the front-end and backend are fully connected.
By the way, I posted a pile of toturial videos about Django on Trello.

Week 6

Together with Wenjian and Minzhen, we finished the login page, sign up page and forget password page for Django.
I figured out how to set and get cookies we need to pass values from one page to another.
However, as the way we did currently is quiet centrialized, we planned to use truffle to do the rest part or even start a new truffle project.

Week 7 

This week, I moved part of the codes in Django to truffle, and I set up the environment so that we can use 'npm run dev' to demo, which is on localhost:3000.
I also wrote the login page, sign update as a form in navigation bar while a person is not logged in.
I followed the tutorial of pet shop to try how the transaction will look like, so that we can use the similar way to finish our transection part in Week 8.

Week 8

This week I have found a new cloud database named firebase. I set up the environment so that my teem members can follow my step. I wrote part of the login.js and successfully logged in with the accounts I created manually. My teem members can follow the way I write to handle sign up, forget password easily in the future.
In addition, I found an ID generator and pushed it to github so that my teem members can use it easily.
Lastly, I wrote a .sol file called 'checkout.sol' to handle check out stuff. As we are going to demo about storing transactions in blockchain, I wrote two versions of it. One is using nmp run dev with truffle and another one is just for testing.

week 9

This week, I updated the signUp.js file to store data in both firebase and block chain. Minzhen mainly foucued on store
data on firebase followed the code I wrote and I take charge of block chain part.
In addition, I updated checkout.sol and changed it to Controller.sol, which includes all functions that we need while
using block chain. I also wrote a local test HTML file to make sure that all of the function in Controller.sol works
on localhost:7545.

week 10

Together with Minzhen, we updated sign_up part. I help Minzhen to fix one bug so that data can be saved on firebase before
jumping to another webpage. I also edited so many fils to link block chain with our server. Currently, on block chain, I finished sign up users, recharge ...
